EXOS/Python/README.md, before:

# Python Scripts
| Script name   | Description   |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| [autofsbackuppy](autofsbackuppy)      |  Runs automated back up on all scripts, including configuration, policy and scripts. |
| [cleanswitch](cleanswitch)      | Provides a method of deleting all configuration parameters and files from an EXOS switch.      |
|[edp_and_port_vlan_check](edp_and_port_vlan_check)| This Script uses EDP to check if the local and remote port have the same vlans added to the ports.|
| [enablefeaturescheckpy](enablefeaturescheckpy) | Identifies the features enabled on a switch      |
| [fdb_oui](fdb_oui)      | Scans the FDB table and reports the vendor of the device connected.      |
| [flowtracker](flowtracker) | Creates a dynamic ACL to count packets.      |
| [mlag_config_check](mlag_config_check) | Checks to ensure that all VLANs on MLAG ports are also present on the ISC.	|
| [non_stacking_config_converter](non_stacking_config_converter)      | Converts a non stacking configuration to a stacking configuration.      |
| [qosconfigpy](qosconfigpy) | Wizard to aid in creating QoS profiles      |
| [radiusmgmtconfigpy](radiusmgmtconfigpy)      | Wizard for configuring an ExtremeXOS(TM) switch with RADIUS management information.      |
| [radiusnetloginconfigpy](radiusnetloginconfigpy) | Wizard for configuring an ExtremeXOS(TM) switch for RADIUS netlogin.      |
| [snmpv1v2configpy](snmpv1v2configpy)      | Wizard for SNMP V1/V2 configuration for an ExtremeXOS(TM) switch.      |
| [sntpconfigpy](sntpconfigpy) | Example for Simple Network Time Protocol (SNTP) configuration for an ExtremeXOS(TM) switch.      |
|[vlan_elrp_check](vlan_elrp_check) |This script will run ELRP on all VLANS on an EXOS switch.|
|||
# Documentation
* [Snippets_of_Python_in_EXOS.pdf](Snippets_of_Python_in_EXOS.pdf)

Commit message:

Added new script vlan_copy_port

EXOS/Python/README.md, after:

# Python Scripts
| Script name   | Description   |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| [autofsbackuppy](autofsbackuppy)      |  Runs automated back up on all scripts, including configuration, policy and scripts. |
| [cleanswitch](cleanswitch)      | Provides a method of deleting all configuration parameters and files from an EXOS switch.      |
|[edp_and_port_vlan_check](edp_and_port_vlan_check)| This Script uses EDP to check if the local and remote port have the same vlans added to the ports.|
| [enablefeaturescheckpy](enablefeaturescheckpy) | Identifies the features enabled on a switch      |
| [fdb_oui](fdb_oui)      | Scans the FDB table and reports the vendor of the device connected.      |
| [flowtracker](flowtracker) | Creates a dynamic ACL to count packets.      |
| [mlag_config_check](mlag_config_check) | Checks to ensure that all VLANs on MLAG ports are also present on the ISC.	|
| [non_stacking_config_converter](non_stacking_config_converter)      | Converts a non stacking configuration to a stacking configuration.      |
| [qosconfigpy](qosconfigpy) | Wizard to aid in creating QoS profiles      |
| [radiusmgmtconfigpy](radiusmgmtconfigpy)      | Wizard for configuring an ExtremeXOS(TM) switch with RADIUS management information.      |
| [radiusnetloginconfigpy](radiusnetloginconfigpy) | Wizard for configuring an ExtremeXOS(TM) switch for RADIUS netlogin.      |
| [snmpv1v2configpy](snmpv1v2configpy)      | Wizard for SNMP V1/V2 configuration for an ExtremeXOS(TM) switch.      |
| [sntpconfigpy](sntpconfigpy) | Example for Simple Network Time Protocol (SNTP) configuration for an ExtremeXOS(TM) switch.      |
| [vlan_elrp_check](vlan_elrp_check) | This script will run ELRP on all VLANS on an EXOS switch.|
| [vlan_copy_port](vlan_copy_port) | This EXOS script will copy/move vlans from one port to another |
|||
# Documentation
* [Snippets_of_Python_in_EXOS.pdf](Snippets_of_Python_in_EXOS.pdf)
